[THEME MUSIC]
>> DAVID WILCOCK: Welcome
back to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
I'm here with our special
guest, Emery Smith.
And in this episode,
we're going to walk
through what happened after
he left the underground base.
Emery, welcome back.
>> EMERY SMITH: Thanks, Dave.
>> DAVID: Let's now talk through
how your assignment with these
autopsies ended.
First of all, you
had mentioned before
that about every four months you
got another security clearance.
And I believe you said that
you had stopped at A22.
Is that correct?
>> SMITH: That's correct.
>> DAVID: OK, how many cycles
of this autopsy tour of duty,
if you will, did you do?
How long were you actually--
>> SMITH: About 22-- about
22 quarterly advancements.
I never failed to get an
advancement every quarter.
So it took about on average
of 4 and 1/2, 5 years.
I finished my active
duty in 5.5 years.
>> DAVID: Now, did you continue
to do your cover job the whole
time you worked down there?
>> SMITH: Yes, I stayed an
additional two quarters,
actually, after I got
out of the military.
And then things started getting
a little different down there
because--
I think I told you
this once before--
I started getting bodies
that were pretty warm.
And I could tell that they're
very recent by the rigor
mortis that barely set in.
But after I finished my work
with the United States Air
Force, I decided to stay
working in the underground labs
of Sandia and Los Alamos.
>> DAVID: Did that allow you
to have more hours since you
didn't have coverage--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> SMITH: Absolutely,
it sure did.
>> DAVID: So tell me the
difference between a shift that
you would have had.
Like, walk us through
your typical day
before you left the Air Force
to after you left the Air Force.
Like, how many
hours did you work?
Where did you go?
Just so we have a sense of that.
>> SMITH: Yes, my work started
at 5:30 AM at Kirtland Air
Force Base hospital.
We worked till about
2:30 to 3:30 PM,
and then I went
into work at 7:00 PM
at the underground location.
And I would stay there,
usually, anywhere
from four to eight hours.
And then just go home
and repeat that anywhere
from five to seven days a week.
The active duty job at
Kirtland Air Force Base,
I only worked Monday
through Friday
pulling emergency trauma call
usually one weekend a month.
And during these
times, by pulling call,
I was not allowed to work
in the underground bases
because I was not
allowed to have a beeper
and beepers don't
work down there.
>> DAVID: So once you
left the Air Force,
what was your schedule like
in the underground base?
>> SMITH: It was great.
I kept the same hours because
I liked working evenings.
I'm a night person, and I'm
very productive at night.
So I'd go in around 5:00 PM and
be out of there by 1:00 or 2:00
AM.
Sometimes, I would
have to stay longer.
Sometimes, I had to
spend the night there.
And I started transitioning
over from doing
the harvesting and autopsy
work and moving more
in the direction of
biologics and was
part of their biological
warfare division
where they were
making all sorts of--
types of things, to control
viruses and to also deploy
viruses around the world.
>> DAVID: Well, certainly in
terms of known international
agreements like the
Geneva Convention,
we're not supposed to be using
conventional chemical weapons
or biological weapons.
>> SMITH: Correct.
>> DAVID: But this clearly
sounds like they didn't care
about that.
>> SMITH: Yeah-- no, it was a
total disregard for humanity,
and they were trying to figure
out how to make a virus that
was very specific
to your lineage.
And they would deploy these via
using contrails with the jets.
You heard about these
conspiracy theories.
And that's one way they would
do it, was just to spray a city.
And let's say they could
get the lineage DNA
from a specific
ethnic race maybe,
and if you had that
genetic code in you,
it would wipe out all
that race, all that part
of the human race.
>> DAVID: Well, clearly nothing
like that's actually been done
because we're all still here.
>> SMITH: Correct.
>> DAVID: But they were trying
to find things like this?
>> SMITH: Yeah, and they
took extraterrestrial DNA--
some extraterrestrials a
long time ago could program
their leukocytes and monocytes
to combat certain genetic
races.
So if you programmed your
leukocytes and white blood
cells, neutrophils, and whatnot
to attack someone like me,
and I was a different
race, you would just
have to come up to me
and your body already
has a virus in it which your
white blood cells are OK with.
And by touching me
or sneezing on me
or communicating with me somehow
physically or airborne-wise,
you could give me this
virus, and it would kill me.
>> DAVID: Well, I could see
skeptics attacking you on this
point because leukocytes
would involve--
they would need to involve
blood to blood contact
I would assume.
>> SMITH: The leukocytes are
protecting them from my virus.
So if I have a virus and
you know you have a virus,
we can't really fight
each other or touch
each other cause we'll die.
So those leukocytes
were ramped up
to fight this specific virus
that I'm going to give you.
So once it was airborne or
transmitted through any blood
pathogen wise or whatnot, it
would get into your system.
>> DAVID: I still don't really
think I've heard you say why
they would--
how would they justify designing
an ethno-specific virus.
What was the angle--
what would they tell you
about why this was necessary?
>> SMITH: I was told there's
some religious organizations
and factions out there that
are actually trying to do this.
And just in case
one day, there is
some sort of mass
extinction, barely
killing almost more than
half of the population,
and they wanted to
get control over it.
And if they had some
sort of gender, race beef
with somebody, and
they wanted to get rid
of a certain type
of race, that's
how they would release this.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: Were they trying
to develop it for every type
of person on Earth?
>> SMITH: Well, I
don't know that.
I know this because I heard
scientists talking about it.
And it wasn't in a
briefing that I read,
I've actually heard
the scientists talking
about this type of technology.
And I was in a lower
echelon part of the base
once I got out of my active
duty service from the military
and was working on growing
proteins and things.
>> DAVID: Well, this is
very disturbing stuff
and I'm curious as to what
stories do they tell people who
are working on this to make them
feel like they're doing a good
job, or they're
serving their country.
What was the angle?
>> SMITH: The angle for
that is most of them do know
they're doing this.
And I know some
scientists that have
been in these projects that
had a change of heart halfway
through.
And these scientists, sometimes,
if they try to get out
and they're that deep
in, they will make sure
that you can't get out.
And they will inoculate
you with things,
so if you did return
to the surface
without getting the antidote,
you would die from sunlight.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yes, and this
is how they keep control
of the scientist.
Many of them have
families on the outside,
and they get fed up with some
of the things that are going on
because they're afraid that
if something did happen,
it would maybe affect
their grandchildren
or their daughters and sons.
So they are starting to stand
up now, the scientists in here.
And they're starting
to fight back.
And the white hats
out there, the Cabal
are also getting
a little bit upset
about the small
percentage of the Cabal
that is kind of death
and destruction.
>> DAVID: OK, so let's now go
through how your time working
in the underground base ended.
You had mentioned something
about that warm specimens came
in.
Did you decide that you wanted
to quit and submit resignation?
How did this happen?
>> SMITH: Yes, that's
exactly what I did.
Just like you would
with a normal job,
you have to fill out
a lot of paperwork,
and you have to be tracked
for x amount of time.
Mine was 20 years
after I got out
that I had to be willing to come
in for questioning if needed.
Or if I had surgeries, I
would have to notify them.
If I was traveling to
hazardous locations,
I would have to notify them.
There was different
types of lists of things
that you had to follow
in order for you
to have a nice discharge from
the underground civilian lab.
>> DAVID: When Pete
Peterson's wife died,
the people he'd been working for
brought him in for an extended
two months debriefing because
they were very worried that
the emotional trauma of losing
this woman he was very attached
to might cause him
to start talking.
So did they monitor your life
for these types of crises
and could you end up
getting brought back
in if something happened?
>> SMITH: Yes,
absolutely, they did.
And it's happened even
after my 20 years.
I was approached even recently
after my mother passed away
last year.
So yes, they do keep tabs, and
it doesn't bother me at all.
I mean, I know they're
always looking anyway.
There's no sacred
secret conversation
on this planet, that's for sure.
Because everything is
recorded everywhere,
and they've had that
technology when I was there.
So that was 20 years ago
that they had the technology
to record all the vibrations
on the planet and every voice.
>> DAVID: You've probably heard
about these satellites from
the National Reconnaissance
Office that are constantly
recording the surface of
the Earth where everybody is
and have enough resolution
that they could actually read
the fine print on your driver's
license if you were just
holding it in your hand.
>> SMITH: Good grief that
was in the 1960s, sir.
You know what we can do now?
We can see what's
inside the walls.
We can see what kind of termite
is eating inside your wall.
And that's public
information now
that they're doing
in South America.
Big corporation usually
using that something,
using that technology
for spying.
But now they're using
it to make money
to support their other agendas.
So, yeah, these things have
been around for a while.
And you can go
pretty much anywhere
on the planet in 40 minutes
with these satellites
and get HD 4K
pictures of anyone,
regardless if there's
cloud coverage,
and also get a wave form
back of exactly what it is.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
>> DAVID: So let's go to the
point now were you filed all
this paperwork and
you get discharged.
What is your life
like immediately
after you left this job?
You're not in the
military anymore,
you're not working
underground anymore.
Where did you go?
What did you do?
And when was your next contact
with the classified world?
>> SMITH: Well, actually,
I stayed in contact with
the classified world
in a medium state,
which means if there is a
project coming or people are
coming that you're needed
because of a very specific
special thing, then I can go
back and do a couple weeks
or a week work with them.
So I actually kept my clearance.
And that you have
to do twice a year.
You have to check in and re-get
your clearance and whatnot.
But from that point I
stayed in New Mexico
another couple of years, and
then I went back to my hometown
in Fort Myers, Florida to
take care of my family.
And my mom and dad
were not doing so well.
>> DAVID: Well, but what
did you do in New Mexico?
Were you employed
do you have a job?
>> SMITH: Absolutely, I'm sorry.
So after I got out of
the underground projects,
I stayed in New Mexico for
an additional couple of years
and was working at the
University of New Mexico
hospital as a
surgical first assist.
>> DAVID: During those couple of
years you said they would call
you in at least twice a
year for these checkups.
>> SMITH: The twice a year is
like keeping your clearance
verification updated, because I
would take at least maybe four
days a month every now and
then work in the project still.
>> DAVID: OK.
What types of assignments
were you doing at that time?
Could you walk us
through one example
of you working for four
or five days after you
had left the base full-time?
>> SMITH: Yeah, at that time
I was just working with cells
and culturing cells, not of
Earth origin cells, I'll say,
but that were very
alive and well,
and growing cells
in Petri dishes.
So nothing too exciting.
I moved away from all the
autopsy stuff because I just--
after having a couple of these
beings come that were warm
I just had a really
different feeling.
And then after meeting beings
and seeing how beings are
and not knowing any stories
that I was not privy to,
I just didn't feel like
it was right anymore.
You know, to be part of that.
>> DAVID: So let's go now to
how did you get to Fort Myers,
and did you continue to
interface with this classified
world, and through what means.
>> SMITH: Yes, I did.
I stayed in contact with them
and checked in twice a year.
And just a few times they
had some questions about some
extraterrestrials that I
had worked on in the past.
>> DAVID: Did you have to
travel back to New Mexico?
>> SMITH: Yes, yes, I did.
>> DAVID: And how did you that?
>> SMITH: I just got on a
flight and traveled back.
>> DAVID: OK.
>> SMITH: And the same thing,
I would stay off base and would
come in in the
mornings, actually,
instead of the evenings and get
my duty paperwork and show up
to the gate at Sandia, and then
actually go through a different
location that goes
underground through there,
and not the same location.
I don't know why they
changed it once I got out.
Maybe they just
changed locations
for their own reasons.
I have no idea.
>> DAVID: Did this means of
entering the base have anything
different from what you
described was before?
Or was it just a different door?
>> SMITH: No, it was a
little different because now
I'm working with biologics
that are very dangerous.
And you actually have to be
monitored before you go in
and after you go in through
these special analyzers
that you have to walk through.
So you have to go through
this area to get cleansed.
And one of these things would
be called a dry plasma shower.
And the dry plasma
shower basically
was taking samples and
killing surface bacteria
that was all over you, that
you just normally have.
And it also somehow
counts particles
on your body to see if
they resonate frequencies
of known bad cellular material.
>> DAVID: Could you wear clothes
while you have the dry plasma?
>> SMITH: Yes.
Yes, you can.
You can wear clothes.
On the way out,
though, you have to go
through that with no clothes.
There's another one that
you have to go through
that after you change in the
locker room, and it's up to you
if you want to do it,
but it's a protocol.
It's like not made for you
to do, but everyone does it.
We just do it as a precaution.
There's a very small percentage
that you may have had
something when you leave those.
Not to say something
is a bad something,
but something you could have
picked up from somebody else.
>> DAVID: So I assume that your
outdoor clothes are quarantined
on the outside, and your
indoor clothes are quarantined
on the inside.
>> SMITH: Correct.
Yes.
>> DAVID: OK.
So give me an example of a
specific extraterrestrial
species that you
had autopsied before
that you were called back in
for more consultations on later.
Tell us what it looked like and
why did you get called back?
>> SMITH: Well, they
were mutating a bunch
of extraterrestrials.
So part one of the
extraterrestrials
that we were actually
working on looked
like a smaller human
being, kind of troll-like.
But it also had plant DNA in it.
And it was very--
it would probably remind you
of one of those ghillie suits
that snipers wear full
of moss and leaves.
So think of a 24-inch to 36-inch
tall troll-like being that has,
instead of hair, it has real
plant life growing on it.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yes, and it also
uses the energy from UV light
to keep it healthy.
And it actually absorbs
moisture through its skin
and it's very mossy like.
And I've seen many of these--
it looks like a wig, like hair,
but they're so extremely mossy,
like It on "The Addams Family,"
that you cannot see its face
unless you actually started
pushing away the plant life
that's growing on this creature.
>> DAVID: Would this plant life
cause it to feel physical pain
if it was removed?
>> SMITH: No.
>> DAVID: Or was it
more like body hair?
>> SMITH: No, it's
more like body hair.
But the closer you get
to where the stem is,
the more nerve fibers and
neurons that are in it.
So neurologically,
the plant life
has binded and mutated with
real cellular material.
That was a human and an ET.
>> DAVID: I can't read
your mind about why you say
it's troll-like.
Was there something about
its face that was unusual?
Could you describe exactly what?
>> SMITH: Yeah, I can tell
you that on the face and neck
of these types of creatures,
it's like a bark on a pine
tree, and it's very rough and
cracked-like, very cracked.
So if you could dry a gray
piece of clay in the sun,
and you know how it just
crumbles and cracks away,
that's exactly
what it looks like.
But they do have nose, they
have a mouth, they have ears,
and they have eyes.
>> DAVID: Well, a
troll, for example,
somebody might think of a really
pronounced lower jaw with two
teeth coming up like
this or something.
>> SMITH: No, no
canine teeth like that.
Just regular teeth.
And the insides are red
and pink, like our mouths.
And they have a tongue,
and they breathe.
It's just they get a lot of
their energy from their skin.
>> DAVID: Do they have
this plant life growing off
of their face?
Or is the face area,
if you pull it back--
>> SMITH: Just the face area is,
like I said, it's this crumbly,
crackly, bark-like hard core,
very tough looking face,
very rigid, with no muscles in
the face that you could tell
for them to smile.
Or they can open their
jaw and things like that.
But no facial features that
you could really tell because
of the roughness of this skin.
>> DAVID: What were the facial
proportions like compared
to an Earth human?
>> SMITH: The head was
much larger than the body.
So you're looking at a head
that would be maybe just a half
a size larger than
our normal head.
>> DAVID: What about the
relationship of the size
of the eyes, nose,
and mouth to the face?
>> SMITH: It was very compact
because you're looking
at a 36-inch being here.
So if you think of someone
has dwarfism, for instance,
around that size where
the legs and the bones
are a little bit more
compact, if not long and lean
like ours are.
And they may have this moss
growing all over their body.
And you might even have
leaves and vines coming out
of the bodies,
especially on the back.
The most pronounced is on the
back where you have these vines
and you have this
moss growing off them.
And then you have just
the regular green moss
you see growing on
rocks on a stream,
let's say, on the
rest of the body.
And very, very small hands
and very, very small feet.
>> DAVID: So you're saying that
this is not a natural species,
but this was an
engineered life form?
>> SMITH: Correct.
>> DAVID: Why would they want to
make a vegetable/hominid being?
Is it for covert work
to conceal itself?
>> SMITH: It is.
It's for covert work.
They can go weeks without
eating, as long as they
have sunlight and water.
They can make
their own nutrients
through this plant
interaction with cells.
And it's very
fascinating science,
by the way, of how that
all is intertwined.
But they did it.
>> DAVID: Did you ever get to
see or interact with a live
moss being, as we can call it?
>> SMITH: Yes, absolutely.
>> DAVID: OK, how
did it communicate?
>> SMITH: It communicated
with its hands.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yeah, a type
of sign language, yes.
>> DAVID: And what was the
feeling that you got from it?
How was its level of
intelligence, its level
of ethics, its consciousness?
>> SMITH: I hate to say
negative, but it is a creepy,
spooky type of being.
And it's very quiet
and it's very docile.
It reminds me of a
chameleon that just kinda
sits there and moves kinda
slowly, like a sloth.
And they're not very
hyperactive beings.
They're just a very
slow type of being.
And they are taught
from what I was told--
I don't know this
for a fact, but I
was told through
second-hand information
that they were taught
at a very young age
how to communicate because
they lack vocal cords.
>> DAVID: Oh?
So their face doesn't
move very much?
You said it's very hardened?
>> SMITH: No, it's very
hardened, it barely moves,
but they can chew.
>> DAVID: Do their
eyes look like ours,
or is there something
different about the eyes?
>> SMITH: They're black.
>> DAVID: They're black?
>> SMITH: Black eyes.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: There is no pupil,
you cannot see their pupil.
They're pitch black, which
does frighten some people.
>> DAVID: So what
would be the objective?
If they were going to deploy
these beings into the field,
would these beings
actually be used
on the surface of the Earth?
Would they be for surveillance?
Would they be trained
to assassinate people?
What would they be doing?
>> SMITH: Not to kill.
They're not that adept, but
definitely for surveillance.
I mean, what better creatures--
one that can't make a sound.
Engineered that way, by the way.
>> DAVID: So give me an
example of where the military
industrial complex would
deploy a being like this
for surveillance purposes?
Obviously, it could
camouflage very well.
>> SMITH: I can only speculate.
>> DAVID: OK.
>> SMITH: I was not part of
any deployment program to spy
on with them.
So alls I can say is,
you will not know one
if you even stepped on it.
I mean, they're that
covered in whatever.
They can add foliage to
the mossy skin, by the way.
So let's say they're
going to an area
where it needs these
types of colors.
So they can get fungi and
different types of moss
and implant this
on the body, and it
will grow into that skin.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yes, which
is fascinating.
So they can pretty
much mask any type
of field grass, any type
of trees around the world.
>> DAVID: So part of their
body would be like soil and you
could actually
plant things in it?
>> SMITH: It's not soil,
but it's a honeycomb matrix
of collagen tissue that can
hold water for many, many weeks.
It's like a skin.
And it's embedded in the skin
and comes out of the skin,
just like a honeycomb, but very
small, on a very small size,
micro-millimeter size.
>> DAVID: So had you first
encountered these beings while
you were still working full-time
in the underground base?
>> SMITH: Yes, I did.
And I think because of these
beings coming from an Inner
Earth place, they were somehow
able to grow things on them
already.
>> DAVID: Oh, so you're saying
there was an initial stock
of being that they got from the
Inner Earth that they modified.
>> SMITH: And they mixed it
with more plant life and made it
more into this robust creature.
Yes.
>> DAVID: So had you seen them
alive back when you worked
in the underground base?
Or was this more of
an autopsy situation?
>> SMITH: I've seen
them grown, yes.
>> DAVID: How would
they be grown?
>> SMITH: In a big glass
aquarium type-thing with UV
lights, suspended off the
ground about three feet on these
planter-type things.
>> DAVID: So since we're
almost out of time here,
I'm just curious if there's
anything else interesting about
the moss being that you
could share with us?
>> SMITH: Absolutely.
>> DAVID: It's so bizarre.
>> SMITH: One of the most
amazing things is these things
cannot procreate.
>> DAVID: Oh?
>> SMITH: They do not
have organs like we do,
but they do make seeds.
And these seeds
have DNA in them.
Now it's not full
of human tissue, OK?
It's still all plant life.
Yeah, and I saw a
collection of these seeds
in an incubator
when I was leaving.
And one of my
colleagues was talking
about they're doing a new
experiment on another type
of one of these moss beings.
And I asked why the
clearance for you
to talk about it were very open.
He goes, no, but I can
show you the new incubators
that were brought in.
And we were walking
by and I just
remember looking through this
giant three-foot circular
window and there was a seed
in there as big as you,
a lot of them.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: And I really
was just taken aback.
And that was it--
I mean, I wasn't even
allowed to know anymore.
I was even allowed to speak.
>> DAVID: Is it your
understanding that the seed
could somehow be gestated and
become another one of these
beings?
>> SMITH: That's
what I'm thinking,
or where did that
seed come from.
What dropped that seed?
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: I mean, they're up to
some amazing things in there.
And there is no rules,
there's no regulations.
>> DAVID: So could you tell
us what was the reason why you
were called back in after you
had moved to Fort Myers to deal
with this specific being again?
What had happened or what was
the reasoning behind that?
>> SMITH: There was an incident
on the lab and the team was
destroyed.
>> DAVID: An incident?
Could you be a
little more specific?
>> SMITH: No.
>> DAVID: Well, I would imply
from what you said that there
was some sort of hostile
interaction with one of these
beings.
>> SMITH: No, not
from the beings.
>> DAVID: Oh, OK.
So for some reason
this is something
that you really don't
want to tell us,
or you were ordered not to say.
Is that correct?
>> SMITH: I just can't,
it's just too much.
I know those people, so.
It's too hard for
me to talk about.
>> DAVID: OK.
Can you give us another
example of something
interesting that you
were called back for when
you were living in Fort Myers?
>> SMITH: I did go back just
for the normal tissue sampling
a couple of times.
And it was just because they
were short on technicians
and short on staff.
I know there was an outbreak
one time in the facility,
and 20% of the facility people
caught a very rare virus.
And it's like the
hantavirus, I don't
know if it was the hantavirus.
Sorry, I don't know if
you guys know about that.
And there was an
outbreak of that in 1993.
And there's a virus.
>> DAVID: You're talking
about the hantavirus?
>> SMITH: And that virus,
that was actually made in that
facility.
>> DAVID: This is the
flesh-eating bacteria?
>> SMITH: No, it gives you
more flu-like symptoms to death
pretty quickly.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: And you're ferociously
vomiting and diarrhea,
and your lungs start to shut
down and it's hard to breathe.
So there was a similar virus
like that that actually
broke out in the lab and
people were deathly ill.
Almost 20% of the
biologics area was so sick
and they were not allowed
to return to service.
They had to go to the hospital,
the underground hospital,
and be quarantined.
>> DAVID: Wow.
Were there are a
lot of casualties?
>> SMITH: Yeah, there was.
Half of it, 20% passed.
>> DAVID: Oh, wow.
So you were brought in because
of your expertise on this
to try to help
stop the outbreak?
>> SMITH: No, I actually was
just going so they could keep
working, just normal work.
>> DAVID: Oh, you were
just like a fill-in.
>> SMITH: I was just
a fill-in, just PRN.
>> DAVID: I'm curious--
in just the last couple
of minutes we have here,
we've talked about some
negative uses of this,
but I'm wondering if this
same technology could
be used for positive purposes.
And if so, do you have any
specific knowledge about that?
>> SMITH: Funny thing you asked
that because part of this story
I had to return to New Mexico
because of this outbreak
of a virus that was made
there that 20% of the people
contracted.
They designed a virus
to kill that virus.
>> DAVID: Oh, really?
>> SMITH: And save the other
10% in less than a few days.
>> DAVID: Oh, wow.
>> SMITH: And it's really hard
to make a whole new species
of bacteria or a virus
in just a couple of days.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: They did not
have this on the shelf.
I know that for sure.
But since then, they
have been able to make
viruses that fight viruses or
bacteria that fight viruses.
And so it was a good thing that
came out of it, even though it
was a horrific,
horrific accident that
happened in there.
And that is now being employed
in other civilian use places,
I believe.
And it's coming out really
slowly because they're
doing a lot of data on it.
And I think that's
a positive thing.
I just know that through the
part of the hybrid things
I was involved with they were
changing DNA with viruses.
And it was the easiest way to
mix a protein with a protein
where it's accepted.
So the whole body would change.
And then they would
take those cells
and grow it or
inoculate another being.
And that's what they kept
doing is inoculating beings
over and over and over
with these different types
of viruses.
And then you have
this super being.
>> DAVID: So we could
have, for example,
people starting to have
super visions, super hearing,
psychic abilities perhaps,
all from these types
of inoculation.
>> SMITH: That's correct.
>> DAVID: Well, that's
very fascinating.
Well, Emery, I want to thank
you for coming forward.
This is very fascinating.
Very bizarre--
>> SMITH: Very bizarre.
>> DAVID: Information.
But sometimes the fact
that it's so bizarre
makes me more inclined to
believe that it's true.
Because who would have
ever invented or thought
of something like this?
>> SMITH: It's definitely
a hard nut to crack.
>> DAVID: Yeah, that's for sure.
I want to thank
you for watching.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure" with
our special guest, Emery Smith.
[THEME MUSIC]